Builders Feature Branch (#74)
mongodb/docs-kotlin: source/fundamentals/builders/filters.txt

.. _filters-builders:

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to use **builders** to specify
**filters** for your queries in the MongoDB Kotlin driver.

Builders are classes provided by the MongoDB Kotlin driver that help you
construct :ref:`BSON <bson>` objects. To learn more, see our :doc:`guide
on builders </fundamentals/builders/>`.

Filters are the operations MongoDB uses to limit your results to what
you want to see.

> Some places to use filters are:
> 
> - ``find()``
> - match stage of aggregation
> - ``deleteOne()``/``deleteMany()``
> - ``updateOne()``/``updateMany()``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use filters in the following places:

- As a parameter to the ``find()`` method
- In a match stage of an aggregation pipeline
- As a parameter to the ``deleteOne()`` or ``deleteMany()`` method
- As a parameter to the ``updateOne()`` or ``updateMany()`` method
```

Reviewer 2: Updated

Some examples of results from queries with filters are:

- Items that cost $0 to $25
- A hotel with amenities that include an indoor swimming pool and free parking

> - A food critic review that mentions "spicy"

Reviewer: S: delete this section and better clarify what filters are in the sentence on lines 25-26

Reviewer 2: Let's cut a ticket to improve it here and in the Java page
